Support prometheus metrics (#19)
projectsyn/component-topolvm: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/runbooks/TopoLVMVolumeGroupAlmostFull.adoc

= Alert rule: TopoLVMVolumeGroupNearFull

include::partial$runbooks/contribution_note.adoc[]

== icon:glasses[] Overview

> This alert fires when utilization of a TopoLVM node is higher than 95% of the nodes' capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This alert fires when the utilization of a TopoLVM node is higher than 95% of the nodes volume group capacity.
```

This alert may indicate that the node utilization will soon reach critical levels.

> If this alert is caused by high node utilization, unused data should be deleted or the lvm group size must be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this alert is caused by high node utilization, unused data should be deleted or the lvm volume group size must be increased.
```

> Otherwise, investigate if this node has logical volumes not associated with a pv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, investigate if this node has logical volumes not associated with a persistent volume.
```
